# DataScience-TaxDelinquenciesInPittsburgh
The Truth Behind Tax Delinquencies will be an investigation on the factors that may have influenced and motivated the tax delinquency rates within different neighborhoods in Pittsburgh. Through research, we will attempt to uncover the reasons behind this issue and the connections between the people inhabiting these neighborhoods. We analyzed the City of Pittsburgh Property Tax Delinquency data set, and aim to arrive at conclusions that would provide us with answers to our question: Why are tax delinquencies so high in certain neighborhoods within Pittsburg? In addition, we explored another dataset titled Education, Income vs. Pittsburgh in an attempt to draw conclusions amongst the people within these neighborhoods. We decided to explore this topic because it is important to prevent neighborhoods from becoming delinquient in the future.

As part of this study, we will examine the demographic composition within the Pittsburgh neighborhoods. We aim to identify connections between these people that may give an explanation to these tax delinquency rates. Some of the critical questions we will be asking are: What is the average incomes for people within these neighborhoods? Is there a common educational attainment level? How do poverty rates influences these delinquent neighborhoods? These are all organizing factors among people, and we hypothesize these factors could provide us with great insight into the reason for these delinquency rates.

# Conclusion
We've identified that incomes between  25,000and
 50000 are more likely to be delinquent than any other income range. There is an inverse relationship between the percentage under poverty and the average delinquency amount. Neighborhoods with 3 percent poverty had the highest frequency of delinquncies. Neighborhoods that were more educated had a less likelihood of being delinquent, but the more educated the neighborhoods were, the higher the average delinquncy amount waas. Neighbohoods with an average delinquncy amount under $1,000 were more likely to be under poverty.
